Replace oasis-node with Oasis CLI (#399)
oasisprotocol/docs: docs/node/run-your-node/prerequisites/stake-requirements.md

For more information about obtaining information on your entity's account, see
the [Account Get Info] doc.

Staking thresholds may change in the future. Read the

> [native token information] to see the current values of the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[native token information] to see the current values used by the network.
```
